180 Store Video Asset On IPFS (#189)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/04-guides/on-demand/store-video-asset-on-ipfs/02-api.mdx

working on support for other decentralized storages like Arweave and Storj.

## Step 1: Get the $ASSET_ID of an existing asset
Get the $ASSET_ID of an existing asset by making a request to list all existing assets in your account.
If you haven't created an asset yet, you can follow the [upload a video asset guide](/guides/on-demand/upload-a-video-asset#api) to do so.

<CodeBlockTabs>
<CodeBlockTabItem value="javascript" label="javascript">

```js
const getAssets = await fetch("https://livepeer.studio/api/asset", {
    method: "GET",
    headers: {
        Authorization: `Bearer ${process.env.LP_API_KEY}`,
        "Content-Type": "application/json",
    }
});
```

</CodeBlockTabItem>
</CodeBlockTabs>

## Step 2: Export the asset to IPFS
Once you have an $ASSET_ID, you can make a request to update the asset's storage location.

<CodeBlockTabs>
<CodeBlockTabItem value="javascript" label="javascript">

```js
const exportAssetToIPFS = await fetch("https://livepeer.studio/api/asset/{id}", {
    method: "PATCH",
    headers: {
      Authorization: `Bearer ${process.env.LP_API_KEY}`,
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
    body: {
        "storage": {

>             "ipfs": {}

Reviewer: **nit:** Just as a syntax sugar, this can be `true` instead of an empty object as well :)
```suggestion
            "ipfs": true
```

Author: Added!

---
sidebar_class_name: tabbed-page
hide_title: true
slug: api
title: API
---

import Tabs from "./_tabs.mdx";
import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";
import CodeBlockTabs from "@site/src/components/CodeBlockTabs";
import CodeBlockTabItem from "@site/src/components/CodeBlockTabItem";

<Tabs />

The Livepeer API allows you to send video files to Livepeer and get them 

> ready for optimized playback. Those videos can be provided either by you (static content) 

Reviewer 2: "~Those~ Videos can be provided..."

or your users, given your application offers an interface for them to do so.

## Caveats
- Currently assets cannot be deleted from the default Livepeer Studio storage. 
You can customize any additional storage though.

> - Only IPFS is supported as an additional storge at the moment. We are currently 
> working on support for other decentralized storages like Arweave and Storj.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Only IPFS is supported as an additional storage provider. We're currently working on adding additional storage providers. If you have requirements for a particular storage provider, please reach out to us at [help@livepeer.studio](mailto:help@livepeer.studio). 
```
